# for this assignment I started by laying my foundation in html, assigning each seperate container of the page to their proper <nav> or <section> semantic element.
# Once I had everything I wanted to display on my webpage in my html I assigned anchor hrefs to images in the work section so once the image is clicked on it redirects to the code refractor assigment I completed a few days prior. I also added anchor hrefs to the "email" text and "Linkdin Profile" text so the user is redirected to the appropriate place if the text is clicked. Next I assigned appropriate class and id tags to each element that needed to appear a certain way on the webpage. Anything that could share the same properties were assigned to the same class. Anything that needed individual properties were assigned to seperate id's. 
# Once all of the classes and id's were assigned in their proper places I began working on the CSS to change the visual display of the webpage. This is when the images in the "work" section were changed to have a flex display, with a flex wrap in the direction of a row, so the images could be displayed horizontally instead of vertically. From there the images were moved from their relative positon to be displays as they are seen now. This is also when I changed the font sizes, colors, and layouts to appear the way they are reflected on the website. Everything I wanted to appear visually different was done in css by finding the correct class and id's and assigning the properties I wanted to reflect on the webpage.
# Another key point was assigning a root variable for any repeating colors to make it easier to call on those colors rather than having to use their color tag each time i wanted to use that color.
# Once everything looked the way I wanted to in a desktop format I added one media tag to change the layout of the page so that everything could still be seen and accessed if it was being viewed on an IPad Mini.